No matter what I do to you.
you should just take it.
The fact that I'm a murderer's son
is not a reason for you to belittle me.
Is that so?
Then why are you still here?
You should know I hate people like you.
Because I don't want to run away.
To be exact.
there's no reason for me to run away.
Before I am Lee Gilyoung's son.
I am Lee Chaeha.
And now.
I'm Prosecutor Ju Taeseon's investigator.
I will continue to do what I should.
I'll keep belittling you.
As long as you're Lee Gilyoung's son.
Do whatever you want.
You can fire me if you want.
I won't resign first.
I'm curious—
who will give up first?
Also.
that darn respect thing—
don't do it.
Be it you respecting me.
or me being respected by you—
the thought of that makes me sick.
I'll give you one week.
Just one week.
[Park Siwoo]
[Kim Yunsik]
[Kwak Seunghwan]
[Because of inheritance?]
[Koryoin Mr. Kim overdosed on drugs]
[Found in a small room
on the second floor]
[Last abandoned mine in Danhyeon
has been converted into a casino...]
[Led by Ohsong Construction. 'Danhyeon Land' Integrated Resort (Casino. Hotel. Theme Park) to be built—
Officially secures $400M in foreign investment]
[Casino Industry's First Female Executive…
Pledges "Transparent Operations. Regional Co-Prosperity"]
[Danhyeon City "Casino Boss Murdered"...
Suspect Identified as Driver. Mr. Lee]
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
[Late Yoon Soyeon]
[Ohsong Group Casino Hotel
Corruption Case]
The Ohsong Group Casino Hotel's bidding
must have something to do
with Kang Woosung's case.
Kang Woosung
made Ohsong lose the hotel bidding before.
[Crime scene photos]
After Kang Woosung died.
Ohsong Construction won the bid.
You know that too. right?
The murder of the casino's first boss.
Kang Woosung.
The culprit was his friend and driver.
Lee Gilyoung. who killed Kang Woosung.
Lee Gilyoung's son
submitted the diary he wrote that day
as evidence
and testified.
He said the 1 million won
Lee Gilyoung had
wasn't the money
he stole after killing Mr. Kang Woosung.
[Friday. January 21. 2011
Something interesting happened today. Dad went to see Uncle Woosung. and Uncle Woosung gave him a bonus of 1 million won!
Because of that. Dad looked super happy all day long.]
[He even smiled and said. "Your Uncle Woosung gave me this. take it as your pocket money." Seeing Dad like that made me feel really happy too.
Lately. since Dad started working with Uncle Woosung. he's been smiling a whole lot more.]
[It's such a relief that they are friends. I hope that when I grow up.
I can make great friends just like Dad did. Today will probably be a special day that I'll remember for a very long time.]
It says that it was a bonus
his father got from Kang Woosung.
It's just a diary.
You believe him?
Who would believe
the words of a murderer's son?
I know. Both the prosecutor and the police
didn't care about what he said.
But what if he didn't lie?
Why would Lee Gilyoung kill Kang Woosung?
He gets 3 million won a month—
would he do this just to get 1 million?
Something's off.
All the evidence points to Lee Gilyoung.
We are people who solve cases
with evidence.
not by instinct.
I don't know how the higher-ups found out.
They've been trying to press this down.
Feels like it has something to do
with Ohsong Group.
I'm sure they're doing this
because something's amiss.
Prosecutor Ju. please help me.
I need to meet those kids.
Kids?
Yes. Lee Gilyoung's son.
and Kang Woosung's son
who was home that day.
I-I'll help you.
Leave the kids to me.
Thank you. Taeseon.
Thank you so much.
[Suspect: Lee Gilyoung]
[Charge: Robbery and murder]
Lee Gilyoung's son. Lee Chaeha.
A murderer's son
was admitted to the Police University?
[Lee Chaeha. Top Police Graduate:
"A World Where the Innocent Aren't Wronged"]
Does he actually think
his dad is innocent?
I wonder if he's shameless
or just foolish.
[Yoon Soyeon]
The number you have dialed
is not available.
Hello. Prosecutor Yoon. What's up?
Prosecutor Ju...
Soyeon...
[Late Yoon Soyeon]
Director Tak?
Oh. Taeseon.
What brings you here?
Today is Prosecutor Yoon's
death anniversary.
What about you?
Ah. so Soyeon is resting here.
My sister. who passed away when she was young.
is here. so I come here from time to time.
I didn't know you had a sister.
[Late Tak Jisuk]
You two must have been very close.
She passed away when I was a teenager.
so you probably didn't know.
By the way.
you should forget about the past.
Why do you keep coming to visit
and seeking pain?
You seem cold.
but you care about relationships.
I couldn't even help.
So what if I cherish my relationships?
There's a nice
knife-cut noodle restaurant nearby.
Let's eat before we go to work.
Sure.
Let's go.
[Late Tak Jisuk]
Darn it.
Seojun. are you okay?
You've gone way too far.
Ditching us. your seniors.
and going ahead to get a position
in the prosecutor's office.
you've become so arrogant.
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
Because I don't want to run away.
I have no reason to run away.
Before I am Lee Gilyoung's son.
I am Lee Chaeha.
I won't resign first.
Oh. you're here.
He must have pulled
a few all-nighters here.
Mr. Lee is working too hard.
Tell him to come to my office
when he comes in.
Sure.
Goodness.
You read all the files in a week.
I'm impressed.
You also found all kinds of laws
and examples.
Even for cases with results.
you still kept your indictment.
I'll commend you for that.
After all. for example. in the first case.
the charge wasn't attempted murder.
but rape.
The suspect said himself
that he kept strangling the victim
until he thought they were dead.
So I think we should raise the case
as attempted murder.
I think so too.
This prosecutor
just glossed over this case.
But...
what disappointed me is
I didn't see any reason
why I would choose you
over other senior investigators.
As an investigator. you're just so-so.
Just wait for your return
to the fine department.
What are you waiting for?
Get out.
Maybe the murder weapon wasn't an awl.
I'm talking about the murder
of Granny Park at Ohsong Apartment.
The one that happened 7 years ago
in Danhyeon City.
Go on.
The victim was a 70-year-old lady
who lived alone in an apartment.
She was a gynecologist.
The body was already rotting
when it was found.
The killer stabbed the awl
into the middle of her neck.
I looked for the same awl.
The length is 25 cm.
and the thickness is about 3 mm.
But according to the autopsy report.
the diameter was 5 mm.
Why did they change the weapon?
They could've just taken it away.
If the weapon wasn't at the scene.
the police would've tried their best
to find it.
Then why did the killer take the real weapon?
Afraid of getting exposed?
Or is it to use it for their next crime?
Well...
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
A whole 20 times.
Overkill.
A typical vendetta killing.
What do you think?
Lee Gilyoung also killed someone
with an awl.
But the culprit who turned himself
in was an old man in his 70s.
He had no criminal record
and had nothing to do with the victim.
Why. then?
Why did he kill her?
And why did he turn himself in?
Is it related to other cases?
What about the needle mark
on Koryoin Kim
and his nicotine levels?
Get out.
What?
Chaeha!
Lee Chaeha.
Who is it—
Long time no see. Nephew.
You've grown up.
We'll go take a walk.
[Investigator. Lee Chaeha]
Hey.
You're quite successful. huh?
Gosh.
Uncle. let's talk outside.
Goodness.
I heard you work at
the prosecutor's office. You must be busy.
I couldn't reach you.
Do the people here know?
That you're the son of a murderer.
The orphan of a murderer—
I raised you.
You should repay me.
Until the day you die.
Is your laundromat not doing well lately?
You need money from me. right?
I'll give it to you.
I'll give you money. so don't come here—
Darn it.
You know what?
No one would welcome a guy like you.
No one will like you.
I loathe you with every fiber of my being
because you are Lee Chaeha.
So no matter what happens to you.
and no matter what I do.
you should just suck it up.
You should just suck it up.
Who are you?
I'm leaving. Chaeha.
Keep in touch.
-Please take care of Chaeha.
-Okay.
Goodbye!
Mr. Lee.
Is that your dad?
Oh...
-Hello—
-What?
You want us to submit the video evidence?
If we left it out. then so be it!
Are you suspecting us police?
Why? Are you suspecting us of
not asking them to gargle on purpose?
Get that Lee Chaeha on the call.
Mr. Lee.
the police
from the traffic department said
they forgot to ask them to gargle
before they did the breath test.
It's a violation of procedure.
so we can't raise the case.
It's non-indictment.
I need to verify that the procedure
was improper
when Oh Jayeon was doing the breath test
so I can report to the prosecutor that
she is innocent—
Prosecutor?
Which prosecutor's office are you from?
Are you a prosecutor? Huh?
Detective Ma.
Did my staff ask for too much?
Prosecutor Ju Taeseon.
It's not like that.
I already said that we made a mistake
in the procedure.
Asking us to provide the video
seems a bit too much.
You're forwarding the case
with a recommendation for non-indictment
having drafted nothing but paperwork
without a single shred of evidence.
and now instead of apologizing
to my staff. you're shouting at them?
Are you trying to handle
a judicial process
by ignoring procedures
and just building personal connections?
Prosecutor Ju. that's not what I mean.
With you responding to our request
in this way.
we can only be suspicious of you.
Where was the breath test done?
At the police station.
Senior Assistant Lee.
do the police have any records of them
redoing the breath test
or doing a blood test?
There wasn't another breath test.
but they did a blood test 2 days later.
But 2 days later.
the alcohol content was zero...
When you realized the violation
of the procedure.
you should've done the breath test again
or done a blood test.
Do you think another test 2 days after
make any sense?
The reports Senior Assistant Lee
is writing
will be submitted in my name.
Apologize to my assistant immediately.
and send me the related evidence
right now.
Prosecutor.
Prosecutor!
[Prosecution Office]
I got Oh Jayeon's CCTV footage.
It was drugs.
What? Drugs?
Go to the police station right now.
get the blood sample.
and hand it over to the Forensic Center.
I'll let them know ahead of time.
Got it.
Do you think the police didn't know?
The police at Danhyeon Police Station
are different from other places.
Many of them are taking bribes
from the casino and Ohsong Construction.
Should we reinvestigate whether
Oh Jayeon was abusing drugs then?
No.
We will close the case without indictment.
They won't be charged due to
the improper procedure done by the police.
Then why...
Mr. Song.
Please go and get
the blood samples quickly.
We shouldn't pass it over to
the Forensic Center through official procedures.
You have to be as careful as possible.
Understood.
If there are traces of drugs
in the blood sample.
we should bring in Oh Jayeon...
Are you the prosecutor?
Stop talking back and do as I say.
But...
If Oh Jayeon's drug was meth.
it could be the same drug the Koryoin
was smuggling.
What if she's related to the Koryoin case?
I forgot this for a moment
and was just going to let it slide.
but Senior Assistant Lee. didn't we agree
you'd resign and go back to the fine department?
Prosecutor Ju.
Why? Going to ask me for another chance?
Yes.
Sure.
I plan to give you an old case.
Anything's fine.
-Just leave it to me—
-This case is closed.
The suspect committed suicide
before the trial result was out.
Hey!
Hurry!
Stop No. 6430!
Wake up. No. 6430!
Like most murders.
all the evidence points
to the suspect. but...
some people just refuse to admit it—
the murderer himself.
and the son of the murderer.
You know that too. right?
I hate bastards who refuse to admit
to the core.
But I was curious.
Did that kid
really think
his father didn't kill anyone?
The assailant in the casino owner
Kang Woosung's awl murder case
was Kang Woosung
and Oh Jayeon's high school classmate.
[Lee Gilyoung]
I wanted to be acknowledged.
I wanted to be acknowledged
by the upright prosecutor.
Ju Taeseon.
Um. Prosecutor Ju Taeseon.
I'm happy to have worked with you today.
Ever since I saw an article about you
when I was in university.
I've respected you.
One day.
I'll be able to tell you
that I'm different from the murderer.
Lee Gilyoung.
But all this
was a trap set by him.
You will re-investigate it personally—
the case of Kang Woosung's murder.
and the murderer. Lee Gilyoung.
[The Prosecutor's Proposal]
How should I put this? Putting this on
[Next Episode]
makes me feel that
I'll be as capable as you in the future.
Hubby!
Please.
Police!
You have other suspects in mind. right?
Mr. Lee.
you're heading straight back
to the accommodation. right?
Yes.
No. he'll come with me.
It'll be more suspicious if you dodge.
You avoid me every time we touch.
That makes people more suspicious.
Lee Chaeha.
You started this.